# -Getting Started
These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.
# -Prerequisites
To install the software, you will need Visual Studio code editor
To run the development environment, you first need to install it. After launching the installer, select the path to install all the files. Then after installing, click on the checkboxes "Create a shortcut on the desktop", so you can start up VS Code without looking for a shortcut in folders
Then you need to download extensions such as:
-HTML CSS Support
-PHP
-PHP Server
-code runner
# -Tests
1. Launch Visual Studio Code.

2. Open the ClassLibraryProjects solution that you created in Create a .NET Class Library in Visual Studio Code.

3. Create a unit test project named StringLibraryTest.
The source code generated by the unit test template does the following:

It imports the Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting namespace, which contains the types used for unit testing.
It applies the TestClassAttribute attribute to the UnitTest1 class.
It applies the TestMethodAttribute attribute to define TestMethod1.
When a unit test is called, all test methods marked with the [TestMethod] attribute in the test class marked with the [TestClass] attribute are automatically executed.

4. Add a test project to the solution.

.NET Command Line Interface

Copy
dotnet sln add StringLibraryTest/StringLibraryTest.csproj
# -Versioning
We use GitHub for versioning. For the versions available, see the tags on this repository.
# -Authors
Sherstobitov Vladislav - Initial work - my-profile-card
# -License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details
